'''
todo tasks (10/3) (split up tasks and group them)

(anshrin) main page:
1. replace pictures with the one image - the background from the new website (network looking 747)
idea: plane on the top --> turn the flowchart horizontal and below it --> quick start or start from scratch buttons below flowhcart
2. make the load aircraft and start from scratch buttons bigger, more prominent (style)

(mihir) geometry tab:
3. geometry tab - nothing happens when you press load aircraft
4. removable collapsability of the side panel to make it look like a tree
idea: in the gui group based on component type (wing, fuselage, etc) so all the wings are in one page, all nacelles in one page, etc
5. rearrange the primary section fields of the wing widget, symmetry options should be visually together, 3 columns?
6. don't need total length, spans total, area exposed, mean geometric chord
7. change name: half chord sweep to leading edge sweep
8. in the nacaelle section add a drop down field called nacelle type, located below the nacelle name
9. main landing gear: landing gear type drop down: nose gear, main gear

(anshrin) configs tab:
11. configurations tab - add the word configurations to the aircraft tab in the tree window, replace Vehicle Configurations to Configuration Tree
12. configurations: modify the RH side to see all the congs at once

(aadit) analysis tab:
13. analysis tab: (1) update all the options (2) Analysis --> Analysis Tree, remove the checkboxes, add am option alled None in the same dropdown as Vortex lattice method
(aerodynamics, atmosphere, planets, weights, geometry --> cannot have a None)
14. merge atmosphere and planet into one dropdown (option would be 1976 standard atm + earth)
15. weights should have a drop down menu


on hold:
10. menu to the left and stuff on top (flora's code) --> merge with visualize geometry





swap dynamic pressure ratio and t tail - done
rename the areas in the wing - done
take off affected area - done
taper to ttail - take the block and put it down - done
and a flag to the wing segments called has_tank
wing_section_widget --> airfoils
'''